# A SMALL ARITHMETIC INTERPRETER  (45 points possible)
In this exercise, we will write a small program that computes some operations on integers. We will use a small datatype `operation` that describes all the operations to perform to compute the result. For example, suppose we want to do the following computation:
`mul (add 0 1) (mul 3 4)`
We can describe it as: 
```ocaml
Op ("mul", Op ("add", Value 0, Value 1), Op ("mul", Value 3, Value 4))
```
The `Op` constructor takes as a first argument a `string`, which is the name of the function that is stored in an `environment`. We suppose there exists a variable `initial_env` that contains some predefined functions.

1. First of all, we need a way to find a function in an environment of type `env`, which is basically a list of tuples. Each of these tuples contains a `string`, which is the name of the function, and a value of type `int -> int -> int`, which is basically a function that takes two arguments of type `int` and returns an `int` as a result.
Write a function `lookup_function : string -> env -> (int -> int -> int)` that returns the function associated to a name in an environment. If there is no function with the name given, you can return `invalid_arg "lookup_function"`.

2. Another useful feature would be to add functions to a given environment. Write the function `add_function : string -> (int -> int -> int) -> env -> env` that takes an environment `e`, a name for the function `n` and a function `f`, and returns a new environment that contains the function `f` that is associated to the name `n`.

What you can notice now is that unless you put explicit annotations, those two previous functions should be polymorphic and work on any list of couples. Actually, `lookup_function` could have been written as `List.assoc`.

3. Create a variable `my_env: env` that is the initial environment plus a function associated to the name `"min"` that takes two numbers and returns the lowest. You cannot use the already defined `Pervasives.min` function, nor any `let .. in`. Take advantage of lambda expressions!

4. Now that we have correctly defined the operations to use the environment, we can write the function that computes an operation. Write a function `compute: env -> operation -> int` that takes an environment and an operation description, and computes this operation. The result is either:
    * Directly the value.
    * An operation that takes two computed values and a function from the environment.

5. Let's be a bit more efficient and use the over-application: suppose a function `id: 'a -> 'a`, then `id id` will also have type `'a -> 'a`, since the `'a` is instantiated with `'a -> 'a`. Using that principle, we can apply `id` to itself infinitely since it will always return a function. Write a function `compute_eff : env -> operation -> int` that takes an environment and an operation, and computes it. However, you cannot use `let` inside the function!

### THE GIVEN PRELUDE
```ocaml
type operation =
    Op of string * operation * operation
  | Value of int

type env = (string * (int -> int -> int)) list
```

### YOUR OCAML ENVIRONMENT
```ocaml
let rec lookup_function n = function _->
  "Replace this string with your implementation"

let add_function name op env =
  "Replace this string with your implementation"

let my_env =
  "Replace this string with your implementation"

let rec compute env op =
  "Replace this string with your implementation"

let rec compute_eff env = function _ ->
  "Replace this string with your implementation"
```
