# UNRAVELING THE AUTOMATIC GRADER  (60 points possible)

In this exercise, we will unveil the basics of the grading system.

**Note**: This exercise is about exceptions, but it uses the `unit` type that is only presented in the next sequence.

1. For each question, we call both your function and a reference function on a list of randomly sampled test cases, and observe the results. We also have to handle the case where a function raises an exception instead of producing a result. Sometimes, we even expect your function to raise an exception, and want to compare it to the exception raised by the reference function.
For this, we use the `'a result` type given in the prelude.
Define a function `exec: ('a -> 'b) -> 'a -> 'b result`, that calls the given function on the given argument, and returns `Ok` with the result if everything went well, and `Error` with the exception raised, if there was one.

2. To be able to provide you with the nice error reports, we use an intermediate type for producing reports, similar to the one given in the prelude.
Define a function `compare` with the following signature.
```
compare : 'a result -> 'a result -> ('a -> string) -> message
```
This function will take first the user function's result and then the reference function's result. It also takes a printer compatible with the return type, to display the results as in one the following cases.
* `("got correct value 13", Successful)`
* `("got unexpected value 13", Failed)`
* `("got correct exception Exit", Successful)`
* `("got unexpected exception Exit", Failed)`
You must respect the exact wording for your solution to be accepted. To display exceptions, you can use the provided `exn_to_string` function.

3. Then we define random samplers for each type of data that will be passed to your function. For a given type `'a`, a random sampler simply has type `unit -> 'a`, an imperative function that returns a new value of type `'a` every time you give it a unit.
Define a function `test` with the following signature.
```
test : ('a -> 'b) -> ('a -> 'b) -> (unit -> 'a) -> ('b -> string) -> report
```
This function must proceed to exactly 10 tests, calling the sampler each time, and return the list of messages. For each sample, you will `exec` the user function (the first parameter), then `exec` the reference function, and compare the results. It will then return the list containing the 10 comparison messages.
Your solution must respect the constraint that the first call to the sampler corresponds to the first message of the list, the second to the second, etc. Be cautious about not reversing the list. And since the sampler is an imperative, remember to use `let ... in` constructs if necessary, to force the order of evaluation.

### THE GIVEN PRELUDE
```
type report = message list
and message = string * status
and status = Successful | Failed

type 'a result = Ok of 'a | Error of exn
```

### YOUR OCAML ENVIRONMENT
```
let exec f x =
  "Replace this string with your implementation." ;;

let compare user reference to_string =
  "Replace this string with your implementation." ;;

let test user reference sample to_string =
  "Replace this string with your implementation." ;;
```
