# PRODUCING FINE ASCII ART  (175 points possible)
In this exercise, we will display black and white images as text, where a black dot is printed as a `'#'` and a white dot as a `' '`.

Instead of using imperative constructs for storing our images, images will simply be functions that take an `x` and a `y` and return a boolean that indicates if the function is black or white at this point.
This is materialized by the `image` type alias given in the prelude.
We will only use imperative features to display them.

1. Define a higher order function `display_image: int -> int -> image -> unit` that takes an integer `width`, another one `height`, a function which takes an `x` and a `y`, and renders (prints) the boolean function as a series of lines, using two nested `for` loops.
Each line corresponds to a `y`, the first line printed being for `y = 0`, the last one for `y = height`.
In each line, the first character printed must be for `x = 0`, the last one for `x = width`. When the function result is `true`, a sharp (`'#'`) must be displayed, and a space otherwise.
To try your function, the prelude defines sample images and image builders.
For instance, the image `disk 5 5 5` would be displayed as the following ASCII art, when rendered between coordinates `0 <= x <= 10` and `0 <= y <= 10`.
```
     #
  #######
 #########
 #########
 #########
###########
 #########
 #########
 #########
  #######
     #
```

2. Now, we want to blend images to compose complex images from simple ones. For this, we will use the `blend` type given the prelude.
If we take two functions `f` and `g`, we have that:
* `Image f` is the blended image looking exactly like `f`.
* `And (Image f, Image g)` is the blended image that is black only where both `f` and `g` are both black.
* `Or (Image f, Image g)` is the blended image that is black wherever either `f` or `g` or both are black.
* `Rem (Image f, Image g)` is the blended image that is black wherever `f` is black and `g` is not.

Write a recursive `render : blend -> int -> int -> bool` function, that tells, for a given `x` and `y` the boolean color of the point, considering the given blended image.

3. Define a function `display_blend: int -> int -> blend -> unit` that takes a `width`, another one `height`, a blended image, and displays it by combining the two previous functions.
As an example, the blend `display_blend 10 10 (Rem (Image all_black, Image (disk 5 5 5)))` would be displayed as the following ASCII art.
```
##### #####
##       ##
#         #
#         #
#         #

#         #
#         #
#         #
##       ##
##### #####
```
**Bonus question**: Did you see that the type of `render` is actually equivalent to `blend -> image`?

### THE GIVEN PRELUDE
```
type image = int -> int -> bool ;;

let all_white = fun x y -> false ;;

let all_black = fun x y -> true ;;

let checkers = fun x y -> y/2 mod 2 = x/2 mod 2 ;;

let square cx cy s = fun x y ->
  let minx = cx - s / 2 in
  let maxx = cx + s / 2 in
  let miny = cy - s / 2 in
  let maxy = cy + s / 2 in
  x >= minx && x <= maxx && y >= miny && y <= maxy
;;

let disk cx cy r = fun x y ->
  let x' = x - cx in
  let y' = y - cy in
  (x' * x' + y' * y') <= r * r
;;

type blend =
  | Image of image
  | And of blend * blend
  | Or of blend * blend
  | Rem of blend * blend
;;
```

### YOUR OCAML ENVIRONMENT
```
let display_image width height f_image =
  "Replace this string with your implementation." ;;

let rec render blend x y =
  "Replace this string with your implementation." ;;

let display_blend width height blend =
  "Replace this string with your implementation." ;;
```
