# IMPLEMENTING A STACK WITH AN ARRAY  (50 points possible)
In this exercise, we will encode imperative stacks of `int`s using the `type stack = int array` as defined in the prelude.

We will use the first cell (cell `0`) to store the number of items in the stack. Then the cells of the array starting from `1` will be used to store the elements in the stack. The bottom element of the stack will be stored at position `1`.

The stack will thus have a maximum capacity, being the length of the array minus one.

An empty stack of capacity `4` would match the following pattern: `[| 0 ; _ ; _ ; _ ; _|]`

A stack of capacity `4` containing `1` at the bottom, then `2` and then `3` at the top would match the following pattern: `[| 3 ; 1 ; 2 ; 3 ; _|]`

1. Define a function `create : int -> stack` that creates a new stack of the given maximum capacity.

2. Define a function `push : stack -> int -> unit` that adds an element as the top of the stack. The function must fail with the exception Full given in the prelude if nothing can be added to the stack.

3. Define a function `append : stack -> int array -> unit` that adds an array of integers as the top of the stack. The first element of the array must be at the top of the stack, the others in order, up to the last element, which will be the lowest in the stack. In other words, the last element of the array should be pushed first, etc.
The function must fail with the exception `Full` given in the prelude if some elements could not fit in the stack. But in this case, it should still fill the stack with as many elements as possible.

4. Define a function `pop : stack -> int` that takes an element as the top of the stack, removes it from the stack, and return it.
The function must fail with the exception `Empty` given in the prelude if nothing can be taken from the stack.

### THE GIVEN PRELUDE
```
type stack = int array
exception Full
exception Empty
```

### YOUR OCAML ENVIRONMENT
```
let create size =
  "Replace this string with your implementation." ;;

let push buf elt =
  "Replace this string with your implementation." ;;

let append buf arr =
  "Replace this string with your implementation." ;;

let pop buf =
  "Replace this string with your implementation." ;;
```
